Personality Traits of People Born on 2nd, 11th, 20th, 29th of Any Month

People born on the 2nd, 11th, 20th, or 29th of any month are ruled by
the Life Path Number 2. People born on these dates are found to be
patient, calm, soothing, and dependable in nature. They are able to
get along with anyone. They also however struggle with saying no to
others. They feel bad for turning down people which at times causes
them to take upon themselves more than they can handle. Their good
nature also gets them used or taken advantage of.

If you were born 2nd, 11th, 20th, or 29th of any month, you may be
told that you are peaceful to be around. You may give utmost
importance to your family. You may most likely be an introvert however
do not shy away from being the star of any gathering or party. You may
have a good taste in music, arts, poetry, etc. You may also be
good-mannered, charming, and elegant in carrying yourself. You may
also be an individual who aims to be a perfectionist or aim to work
tirelessly. You may have a habit of always saying, ‘oh this has also
to be done, or I have to finish these many more tasks’, etc.

In relationships, you may face trust issues or develop trust
gradually. You may also feel you are not enough for your partner or
need to overdo everything to be loved. You are very pampering and
nurturing. You will go the extra mile to take care of your
partner. You are an emotional being and enjoy long-lasting
relationships as you have the perseverance and patience to stand by
your partner through the tough phases of life. You are traditional and
conservative. You may enjoy modern society but are least likely to
marry or date an ultra-modern partner.

In work, you may be talented in creative arts, music, media, singing,
cooking, painting, etc. You channel your emotional strength and
vitality to bring life to your creative talents. You may not speak
much but one should underestimate you. You may be a good orator or one
with very wise ideas. You may also make a good diplomat, teacher,
social worker, etc. You may have doubts about your talent while the
world may be intimidated by your potential. You should practice more
in believing in yourself more.

People born on the 2nd, 11th, 20th, or 29th of any month should pursue
creative fields and healing professions. Check below the list of
suitable careers for people born on the 2nd, 11th, 20th, or 29th of
Any Month

Career Options For People Born on 2nd, 11th, 20th, 29th of Any Month

Teaching
Politics
Art Gallery
Painter
Dancer
Singer
Nursing
Doctor
Public Relations
Media Manager
Acting
Theatre
Diplomat
Social Worker
Healers
Entertainment Producer

https://www.jagranjosh.com/general-knowledge/personality-test-born-on-2nd-11th-20th-29th-know-your-dominant-personality-traits-and-suitable-careers-1675337401-1

