Personality Traits of People Born on 3rd, 12th, 21st, 30th of Any Month

People born on the 3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of any month are ruled by
the Life Path Number 3. People born on these dates seek enlightenment,
wisdom, knowledge, and truth. They are found to be radiant, righteous,
disciplined, orderly, pragmatic, and ambitious. They are by nature
helpful and selfless. They will guide and offer excellent advice to
their friends and family, even enemies in times of need. However, they
can hold grudges if they find it justified in the way they have been
crossed.

If you were born on the 3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of any month, you may
find that you are never satisfied with the ordinary. You like to be in
the top 1% creamy layer of the population hence you usually craft
ambitious goals early on in life and make all the necessary changes or
assemble resources to reach the top. You like to have control and
power along with authoritative conduct.

You usually make a good leader. You may have the ability to rise to
top-level positions in any company or profession. You are entrusted
with positions of responsibility. You usually have a graceful way even
while getting people to obey your orders however you may at times
become egotistical. Self-sufficiency and working on projects
independently from scratch come naturally to you. Being born on the
3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of any month gifts you with the ability to go
from zero to hero.

Although, you are not quarrelsome by nature however people may have
told you that you come across as dictatorial and stubborn while
presenting your ideas. As a result, even if people may love your
ideas, they may dislike your way or tone of presenting them. You are
found to be extremely good with matters of money and financial
management. You do well in the fields of business, banking, finance,
and trade.

If you were born on the 3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of any month, you may
also notice that you may like to be in positions that grant you
autonomy to take your decisions. You may not be a right fit for 9 to 5
jobs or may find yourself struggling in subordinate positions. You
like to stay free and exercise your creative and analytical
skills. Hence, most people born on the 3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of any
month are found to be working in investments, trades, stocks, banking,
or finance sectors. Reminds you of Warren Buffett? If they are not
pursuing any of these fields as their line of work then they would be
working on climbing the corporate ladder or high-level positions in
the government. They will seek positions that will grant them the
signing authority or manage accounts or financial matters for others.

Suitable Careers for People Born on 3rd, 12th, 21st, 30th of Any Month

People born on the 3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of Any Month should pursue
government jobs, or jobs at social organizations, schools,
universities, banks, or financial institutions. They can also opt for
professions such as writing, painting, law, accounting, trading,
banking, politics, etc. Check below the list of suitable careers for
people born on the 3rd, 12th, 21st, or 30th of Any Month.

Career Options For People Born on 3rd, 12th, 21st, 30th of Any Month

Acting
Writing
Singing
Stand-up Comedians
Politics
Armed Forces Chiefs/Commanders
Lawyers
Judges
Public Speakers
Teachers
Public Relations
Doctor
Astrologer
Chartered Accountant
Banking
Investments
Trading
Religious Leaders
Litigation
Stock Market
Hotel Management
Advertising/ Journalism

https://www.jagranjosh.com/general-knowledge/personality-test-born-on-3rd-12th-21st-30th-know-your-dominant-personality-traits-and-suitable-careers-1675085602-1

